(erie music)
[Kokuri] It's true!
I really was attacked just now!
I understand, but you
were barely injured.
It's only a scratch.
Did you manage to get a
look at who attacked you?
He came at me so
fast that I couldn't.
But I'm positive he was
wearing a prison jumpsuit.
So the culprit's
another prisoner.
That makes it even
more unbelievable.
You can't get into
the medical ward
without a wooden tag like this.
Naturally prisoners
can't just walk in.
Yeah, but-
Maybe they got it from
someone who works here.
I mean, couldn't someone have
just lost their wooden tag.
No, that's unthinkable,
but I'll check it
out just in case.
Hey you! Why are you still here?
Get back to your
cell, you hear me?
Boruto!
Can't be helped.
Don't worry, I'll
keep an eye on Kokuri.
I'm counting on you doctor.
(Kokuri nervously breathing)
Come on, don't look so worried!
I promise that I'm
gonna protect you!
(opening theme music)
(cell door shuts)
How were things over
in the medical ward?
The air conditioner on?
(chuckling) You were right,
it was like paradise.
So were you able to have
nice dreams over there?
Yeah, it was so perfect,
but I got interrupted
and it ended up turning
into a real nightmare
Dreams aren't worth anything
in this place anyway.
(whispering) Is Kokuri okay now?
[Boturo] Yeah, there's
someone watching over him
But where was that person
when Kokuri was attacked?
He was with me so there's
nothing to worry about.
Although if the medical
ward is an unsafe place
for him too, then
there's no telling when
he could be attacked again.
You know the cell has
room for one more inmate.
We gotta do something to
get Kokuri in here with us.
Then we can protect
him all the time.
You're right, because
if we don't...
(thunder crackling)
(startled gasp)
It's Mitsuki's snake!
Sarada, the situation's
become critical,
Kokuri was attacked.
There's something that we'd
like you to request
from Lord Mujo.
[Benga] The cell that Kokuri
is going to be assigned to?
That's right, after
his injury heals,
let's put him in with Boruto.
What do you think about that?
Although you're the one
that's coming from Lord Mujo,
I can't say that I agree
with this suggestion.
Oh, and why is that?
Isn't there an empty
bed in that cell.
That's the thing, actually,
it isn't technically empty.
It's only being reserved
for the next prisoner
that comes in here.
And as you know, new ones
are always coming in.
Yes, I see.
But Kokuri is leaving
the medical ward.
Wouldn't it be a good idea
to place him somewhere close
to the guards so they
can keep an eye on him?
The rule is that when prisoners
get out of a medical ward
they're reassigned to
their original cells.
If we make an exception now,
then the other prisoners will
start making their own demands
about what cells they
want to be put in.
So Kokuri must be sent back
to his previously assigned cell.
I do hope you'll back
me up on this decision.
Yes, of course.
Thank you, sir.
(Mujo painfully groaning)
(Benga impatiently sighing)
(Mujo swallowing)
We're done.
You may go now.
Yes, sir.
[Sarada] Lord Mujo!
I'm sorry I couldn't help you,
but I am afraid I can't
make arbitrary decisions
regarding the prison population
without a valid reason.
Please understand.
Of course, we're grateful
for all of your help.
We'll handle the rest ourselves.
(frustrated) That bastard!
He's just a figurehead
of the clan.
Doesn't even know who actually
runs things in this castle?
Yes, sir.
You're absolutely correct.
This one?
[Sarada] It turns out
Benga has authority
over the prisoner
assignments not Lord Mujo.
And Benga's planning
to return Kokuri
to his original cell.
I'll check around and
look for any weak spots
that Benga might have.
Well, this is turning
into a situation.
[Boturo] At this rate, Kokuri
is going to be in trouble.
(foot slamming onto the desk)
(rapid swallowing)
(glass shattering)
(door creaking)
There must be something in here.
(irritated growl)
I finally found
you, Mr. Benga, sir!
What do you want, Haie?!
I'm really sorry
to tell you this,
but he simply refused to
take no for an answer, sir.
Huh?
You've got some nerve demanding
that I come to see you
Tsukiyo, you know that?
[Tsukiyo] It's very
good of you to come.
(metal clanging)
Depending on the reason, this
could end painfully for you.
(gems clacking)
Huh?
Lady Luck is very fickle.
If you make a loud
noise, she runs away.
But this is the sound
that brings her back.
You-!, did you get those?
Those who give gifts
oftentimes profit
as much as those
who receive them
by way of luck.
Look, quit being so vague.
Just what do you want from me?
Can you make Kokuri disappear?
That guy was born
under unlucky stars.
The jewels are just
a down payment.
I will forget we ever
had this conversation.
(snickering) How unfortunate.
Seriously, how can
anyone get any work done
in all of this filth?
All I can find is trash.
(wood creaking)
(Sarada screaming)
(footsteps)
Hm?
(door creaking)
Must have imagined it.
Everyone up, it's
afternoon rec time!
After being cooped up like this,
my body's so stiff, man.
Everyone has a whole lot
of admir-, admired...
(sighing) What is it again?
Is the word you're
looking for admiration?
Yeah!
What are you doing?
We finally get to go outside
after all this
time, Uncle Kamata.
Shut up with the uncle
stuff, I'm only 16!
And Sarada I never contacted
us after that, did she?
Well, we can't just rely
on Sarada for everything.
There are so many people here.
If we ask around,
we'll find someone who
knows Benga's weakness.
Should we split up?
Okay, I'll go this way.
I see
(grass rustling)
There's something
I'd like to ask you.
(prisoners cheering)
Do it! Yeah!
(prisoners grunting)
It's so nice to be out.
Don't you want to
walk around a bit?
(prisoner grunting angrily)
Are you protecting the flowers?
I got nothing.
No matter who I asked,
no one knew anything
about Benga's weaknesses.
I had no luck either.
Wait, Benga's weakness?
Why would you want to
know something like that?
Why else?
Because that guy
punched me one time
and now I want to get back
at him for that, you know?
Well, absolutely nobody
in this place is going to
have anything nice to say
about that guy that's for sure.
All right. Tell you
what I'll help you out.
Don't tell me you know
something about Benga.
Nope, not a thing.
But still, I have an
idea of who might.
Hmm?
Shot caller?
Yeah, In other words, the
boss of this whole place.
Aside from the guards,
he's the top guy in here.
Doragu carries more weight here
than just about anyone else.
Doragu the man, huh?
Uh, But why do we have to
go to him to learn
Benga's weakness?
Wherever there's power,
you'll also find information.
There's practically
nothing that goes on
in this castle that
Doragu doesn't know about.
Well, here we are.
Alright. So where can
we find this Doragu guy?
[Doragu] Well, what
do we have here?
Looks like we've got some
nice little visitors.
Really, that's him?
I said, you'd better.
Show him a little more respect.
[Doragu] What do you guys need?
You came here because there's
something you want
to know, right?
Yeah. Tell me what
Benga's weakness is.
I owe him some payback
for what he did to me.
Benga's weakness, huh?
(laughing) You're too funny kid.
I was just thinking I've been
getting sick of that guy too.
You mean-?
Hold it.
Around here information is gold.
Even if you're just a kid,
I can't give it to you for free.
So what do you want from me?
Now let's see.
Maybe we ought to have
a test of willpower.
A test of willpower?
You see that
lighthouse over there.
The light that shines from it
every night is so irritating.
It makes it so I can
hardly sleep a wink.
So, what I want is for you
to bring me the light bulb
What? Seriously, is that all?
You idiot!
Lots of guys tried before-
Hey, you.
If the kid's willing to try
then let him, don't
go discouraging him.
So what'll it be kid.
You're going to do
it or aren't you?
What do you think?
Of course I'll do it.
It does look
like security is pretty
tight over there though.
[Doragu] The lighthouse
is surrounded
by barbed wire covered
in paper bombs.
If you don't want to die
you'll have to cross
over from that roof.
Don't use ninjitsu or they'll
find out Celestial Prison
wasn't really used on us.
All right.
Clouds are starting
to look ominous.
When the rain gets heavy
the guards will head on
back inside to seek shelter.
Seems like a good
time to get started.
Of course, if you're too scared.
I'm going to finish
this in a snap.
(doragu chuckling)
The young ones sure do
have a lot of spirit.
(yelling) Hey,
doesn't anybody here
wanna bet the kid's
gonna make it?
'Cause otherwise the bet's off.
I want in!
(metal clanging)
Oh no, come on!
That's an awfully big
bet you put on the kid!
No, come on, please hear me out!
I just made a mistake.
Look, you placed your bet
and there are no take backs.
But that's not fair.
(intense music)
Guards are bound to
notice him any second now.
Oooh?
(thunder crackling)
(rain pouring)
(thunder booming)
[Boruto] This just
got a lot harder.
(tense music)
(loud boom)
Well that was a close one.
Damn, this would
be a piece of cake
if I could only use ninjitsu.
(excited) Woah, he did it!
What's the pay out?
What're the odds?
Not too shabby.
(laughing) Done and done.
[Doragu] Congratulations kid.
But now you'll end up a
loser, like all the rest.
(alarm blaring)
Not good.
Don't you dare move a muscle.
All right.
Who's the idiot this time?
Damn you, Doragu.
He tricked me.
Did you know?
Did you expect that
this would happen?
Information is golden here.
I told you that didn't I?
Come on, this isn't fair at all.
This whole thing is just a scam.
(yelling) Do not resist!
Drop the bulb, put your
hands up and turn around.
That kid's done for.
He's going to be
stuck in this place
for the rest of his
life after doing this.
Got to find a way
out if I don't, I'll-
(thunder booming)
[Benga] Stand up, now!
And turn to face this way!
At this point, I guess
there's no choice.
This is a waste of
time, get rid of him.
But sir, we haven't even
confirmed who it is yet.
You can just confirm
that afterward.
Use his corpse to identify him.
[Guards in Unison] Sir!
(electrical zapping)
What the hell?
Sir, the prisoner's gone.
(yelling) Why you idiots!
(wet grass rustling)
I believe this is
what you wanted.
Yeah, yeah.
How did you do
that trick before?
Ah, sorry, but I
can't tell you that,
information is
gold in here right?
Now you have a promise to keep,
to fulfill your side of things.
Tell me Benga's weakness.
(laughing) You're
a really funny guy.
Quit your complaining.
Just get back inside.
You there get back in line!
Hey, so can you keep this
in a safe place for me?
Like usual?
Yeah, For a fee.
Oh, well in that case,
do you think you could
mail this for me?
You just don't know
when to quit, do you?
[Benga] Why did you
call me here, sir?
We found this.
But that's...
It's filled with records
of secret deals that have
been made with the prisoners.
What's more, it's all in
your handwriting Benga.
(pleading) No, this is-!
I'm sure it's some kind of-!
Seems you were taking
bribes to determine which
cells the prisoners
were to be assigned to.
No wonder you're against
moving Kokuri to another cell.
Please, just hold on
a minute Lord Mujo.
I beg you give me
another chance!
I simply can't trust
your judgment any longer.
I've decided that
once Kokuri is healed
he'll be put in the cell
with Boruto and the others.
(cell door slamming)
Boruto!
(boruto laughing uncomfortably)
Well, that's a relief.
I'll say, but there's
still the problem
of who exactly
attacks you before.
The only clue we really have is
that it was one of the inmates.
Hmm.
[Doctor] Chief Warden,
I'm sorry but, may I-?
What is it doctor?
I'm a very busy man, you know.
(hand slamming onto the desk)
[Benga] Your wooden
tag has gone missing?!
(apologetically) Yes,
sorry. I've been searching
for it but...
When did you find out?
Well, I know for sure that
I had it three days ago.
And said nothing?!
Have you even considered
what could happen?
If a prisoner got ahold of it?
(employee cowering)
(guards frantically running)
Did something happen?
It's looking pretty serious.
Hey you, guard,
what's all this about.
Hm. It seems a worker
in the medical ward
lost his wooden tag.
It happened about
three days ago.
So we're going to
sweep the whole castle.
Man, this whole
thing's a real mess.
Hey, so you don't think
this is going to turn
into some big lockdown do you?
That would be so annoying.
Boruto.
Yeah?
He said the wooden tag went
missing three days ago.
And shortly after that
Kokuri was attacked by a man
in a prison jumpsuit.
This isn't a coincidence.
I get it. So the guy who
attacked Kokuri could have been
the one who stole the wooden
tag, but it'd be nearly
impossible for a prisoner
to get the chance to
steal a wooden tag from a
worker on the medical ward.
[Mitsuki] Three days ago,
one of those employees
came here when
you collapsed, right?
[Boruto] Actually
come to think of it.
[Mitsuki] Back then all
the cell doors were shut
and every prisoner
was locked in.
The only door that was open
was the one to this cell.
In other words, that means...
That the perp must be one
of the people in here.
(closing theme music)
[Boruto] The person who
stole the wooden tag
and attacked Kokuri
is in this cell.
[Mitsuki] Benga said
that everyone in the cell
with the perp who
stole the wooden tag
will be sent to solitary.
[Boruto] If that happens,
we'll be separated
from Kokuri again.
We have to do something to
find the culprit ourselves.
Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations"
the criminal targeting Kokuri.
Arai, Kamata, or
Kedama, who did it?
(closing theme music)